WIP fix(front): improve readme for frontend and app File + removed unused webpack-dev-server config (#3806)
tracim/tracim: frontend_app_file/README.md

App File for Tracim
===================

This folder is an app loaded by Tracim.

It is meant to handle Tracim contents of any format. Allowing renaming, download, status change, public share and modification. It also shows the history of the content. 

It will try to generate a jpeg preview of the uploaded file using [Preview Generator](https://github.com/algoo/preview-generator). See [here](https://github.com/algoo/preview-generator/blob/develop/doc/supported_mimetypes.rst) the list of currently handled file format by Preview Generator. 

> This app also allow opening Collaborative documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app also allows opening Collaborative documents.
```

## Production

> Its installation and build are handled by [install_frontend_dependencies.sh](../install_frontend_dependencies.sh) and [build_full_frontend.sh](../build_full_frontend.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its installation and building are respectively handled by [install_frontend_dependencies.sh](../install_frontend_dependencies.sh) and [build_full_frontend.sh](../build_full_frontend.sh).
```

See [README.md](../README.md) at the root of the repository.

## Development

### Basic
- save your modifications
- run `build_file.sh`

[build_file.sh](./build_file.sh) will build the app and its translations files and copy everything into the `frontend/dist/app` folder.

> Once the script is done, refresh the browser's page which will load your new app version (careful for cache).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the script ends, refresh the browser's page to load your new app version (be careful with the cache).
```

- in `src/debug.js`, change:
  - `content.content_id` to the id of the content you just created
  - `content.workspace_id` to the id of the workspace you just created the content in

### Run servdev with a different user
Login with that user in the frontend.

Add the `loggedUser` property at the root of your `debug.js` and update the properties you need.

Keep the `...defaultDebug.loggedUser` to avoid missing a required properties.

Example:
```js
const updatedDebugExample = {
  ...debug,
  loggedUser: {
    ...defaultDebug.loggedUser,
    agendaUrl: '',
    authType: 'internal',
    avatarUrl: null,
    config: {},
    created: '2020-10-15T10:41:03Z',
    email: 'admin@admin.admin',
    isActive: true,
    isDeleted: false,
    lang: 'fr',
    logged: true,
    profile: 'administrators',
    publicName: 'Global manager',
    timezone: '',
    userId: 1,
    userRoleIdInWorkspace: 8,
    username: 'TheAdmin'
  }
}
```

___

## Other available yarn scripts

### build the app

    yarn run build 

- Build the app as standalone app including all its dependencies
- Uses [webpack.config.js](./webpack.config.js)

> - You might not need this script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To build with source maps: yarn run build-dev
- You might not need this script
```

### build the app optimized (without shared dependencies)

    yarn run buildoptimized 

- Build the app including only its specific dependencies
- Uses the merge dependencies feature of Tracim (see `frontend_vendors` folder)
- Uses [webpack.optimized.config.js](webpack.optimized.config.js)

> - Is the script used by [build_file.sh](./build_file.sh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is the script used by [build_file.sh](./build_file.sh)
- To build with source maps: yarn run buildoptimized-dev
```

This repo is an app loaded by Tracim.

Its installation and build are handled by `install_frontend_dependencies.sh` and `build_full_frontend.sh`.

See README.md at the root of the repository.

### Development

#### Basic
- save your modifications
- run `build_file.sh`

`build_file.sh` will build the app and its translations files and copy everything into the frontend/dist/app folder.
Once the script is done, reload the frontent which will load your new app version (careful for cache).

#### With development server
To use the development server, you need to:
- be logged in to the frontend with the global admin default user (so that the api doesn't return http status 401)
  - login: admin@admin.admin
  - password: admin@admin.admin

>   - (optional) if you need to be logged with a different user, see bellow
> - update your `debug.js` file. See bellow
> - run `yarn run servdev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - (optional) if you need to be logged with a different user, see below
- update your `debug.js` file. See below
- run `yarn run servdev`
```

It will create a web server (webpack-dev-server) where you will see the app loaded with some default values.

> The configuration file `debug.js` will be used which follows the template of the file `debug.sample.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file `debug.js` will be used, following the `debug.sample.js` template file.
```
